Source: Best Food on Campus or off (r/SFSU)
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/SFSU/comments/1fe4on9/best_food_on_campus_or_off/
Type: forum thread

Hey I was wondering what’s the best food spot on campus? Also what’s a cheap food place for a good amount of money? Also any off campus food recs?

Cafe Rosso id say is one of the best spots, and for off campus i love the stonestown shake shack. For cheap, the peets coffee inside the library can get you some relatively cheap food

[deleted]

Chicken pesto avocado for me

Trader Joe’s has excellent ready to eat salads and wraps (and snacks!).

I agree rosso is the best on campus. Even tho many of the spots are owned by the same dude, for some reason rosso hits different.

I second this. It's cheap and good

[deleted]

Bacon egg and cheese sandwich on a croissant, but with avocado instead of bacon 🤌🏼

halal bros (i think thats what its called) fucks extraordinarily hard. at one point, i was eating the chicken tika over rice like twice a week lol

That was my go to when I attended SFSU.

Chicken tikka was my comfort food when I was still at state 😭

Their falafel wrap with extra white sauce and sriracha 🫡

Bet, I love Middle Eastern food

Just had it and almost shit my pants LMAO.

Hall of flame in Park Merced has great burgers and other stuff. The Mexican food place in the same area is really good too.

The coconut curry chicken noodle soup from the Pho place next to quickly. Most bang for your buck and richest flavor. It’s especially amazing on cold, rainy days, or when hungover.

Halal bros by far

cesar salad wrap from taza is AMAZING, any of their burritos are super good plus they’re stuffed and pretty big

Hey! Cafe Rosso always felt affordable to me. I would also go to the tostada bar to get exactly the amount I want. Food is okay, though.

Better quality food is off campus but it’s a bit more expensive. There’s the Parkmerced Shopping Center, where there’s poke, pizza, a really good taqueria, solid burgers, and a liquor store/market. The food there is a bit more pricey but honestly, it’s worth it because it’s decent food. There’s also Stonestown where there’s all sorts of restaurants, and even a cafeteria. I believe Blondie’s does a “bring a friend” BOGO deal for students! If you bring a fellow student with you, you can get a free slice or something. I forgot the details but I remember being impressed by it. Go check out Stonestown! But be wary of the high schoolers and middle schoolers! They’re extremely irritating :)

If you’re really struggling with $$ and need food, use the TooGoodToGo app to get a cheap bag of random food items that a restaurant or cafe would usually throw out - the food is always good still, hence the name of the app! A lot of people use the app though, so if there’s a specific place you want a cheap bag from, you’ll have to pay attention to the app and order it when available. I saw that the Udon place in Stonestown has bags available at times, so you’ll probably find some great options on there.

there's a Cafe literally inside the HSS building (called Cafe HSS, respectively) that I feel like a lot of people don't know about, cuz other than the tiny sign above the door, it just looks like it would be any other classroom door.

I personally love their sandwiches. They don't have it on the menu anymore but my go to is a BLTA; and they still make it for me lol. and conveniently, they have vending machines right next to them too.

You also cant really go wrong with the taqueria in Cesar Chavez, I get burritos there all the time.

the Philly cheesesteaks from gold coast grill are fire

Bursa in west portal the campus food blows

Cafe 101 has a chipotle sandwich that smacks

Park Merced deli

Just a general off campus food rec, go to La Vaca Birria in the mission district and try their birrias at least once. Just don’t go on a weekend, they get busy

Beep’s Burgers!! A little far off campus in comparison to the other reccs, but still nearby. :)

Really good rec! I’d say it’s top 3 burgers in the city for me.

It’s like 10 minutes on 29

Los Kuyas in stonestown for taco Tuesday!

Crave Subs, it’s a knock off version of Ike’s Sandwiches, but it’s still good. Craves is located in the dungeon (below Cesar Chavez) and Ike’s is located in the Stonestown food court

Yoma cafe is always really solid. You def get more bang for your buck and the owner is always super sweet. They're also almost always doing some type of bogo deal & have stamp cards. I usually get the chicken katsu sando with a side of spicy curry.
