Source: Hall of Flame Burgers reviews (Yelp)
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/hall-of-flame-burgers-san-francisco?osq=Restaurants+Near+Sfsu&sort_by=elites_desc
Type: reviews

Hall of Flame Burgers
73 Cambon Dr, San Francisco, CA 94132

Burgers are still great at Hall of Flame. I had their 1/2 pound Swiss, onion, mushrooms burger $19 (w/chili fries upgrade.) There's a new option to add a side salad for $1.50. It is a messy burger to eat. A lot of grease will spill out. Luckily there are napkins right on the tables. My food came out quick as there weren't a lot of people at 6:30pm. In addition, there's a new menu. The old chalkboard one on the wall is now gone. Good job burger chefs at Hall of Flame.

We split a burger between the two of us, and it was honestly the perfect amount -- there's no way I could've finished a whole one on my own. We ordered the Humdinger, which comes with Swiss cheese, pickles, sauteed mushrooms, sauteed onions, house sauce, tomato, and lettuce. Everything worked really well together. The Swiss cheese was perfectly melted, the toppings were fresh and flavorful, and the sauteed mushrooms and onions added a nice savory touch. The burger itself was juicy and cooked just right, making every bite really satisfying.

Burgers are solid though a combo will run you over $20 now. On my last visit here though I was disappointed at the lack of health standards the restaurant had. I saw a worker sharpening their knife above the food prep station (with food/veg out on the counter) then wiped it on their apron. While working with the food, a worker was also on their cell phone. With an open air kitchen, these things can easily be seen and now for me, not unseen. Unfortunately, I won't be coming back anytime soon.

Very few burger places nowadays give you the option of how you want your burger cooked, I'm so happy Hall of Flame does!! First time here I was playing it safe so asked for medium, it was juicy but when I go back I'll ask for medium rare. The ally oop burger was delicious, the avocado, bacon and house sauce compliment the burger really well! Each burger comes with fries that are better than McDonalds! Yeah you read right. This place is a no fuss burger joint. Service was fast. 4/5 since it's a bit expensive at $20.

Living by CCSF over the past year, I've seen Hall of Flame pop up numerous times on DoorDash and whenever I stop by Stiizy and wonder if this place really is that good. The neighborhood is saturated with burger options across the spectrum of fast food like Shake Shack (which we hate) to classics like Beeps and Calibur (which we also aren't huge fans of), so a place like Hall of Flame really can't be that good? The pictures also don't look so awesome, it can't be good? It has to just be the spot that the SFSU kids go to since it's close by? Looking for late dinner options on DoorDash last night, I bit the bullet and made my order. I grabbed the one that's just the classic cheeseburger with regular fries and ordered an extra side of sweet potato fries because we were just in that mood and wanted to try both. Man that burger was so good. I couldn't believe it. Don't let the looks fool you. It was quality meat on a quality bun and the lettuce, tomato and onions were just the right amount to not completely overpower the burger. The regular fries were very crispy and are the McDonald's cut. Don't sleep on Hall of Flame. I'm a big burger enthusiast, and I will say I would even throw this burger into the top 20, which includes burgers from Au Cheval in Chicago. Found my new take out spot for burgers.

Tucked away by SF State and hidden away in the fog is a gem of a burger. Hall of Flame has mostly classic burgers, with Niman ranch burger patties (yum). I ordered the humdinger, which has a generous helping of mushrooms on top. My boyfriend and I were craving the same burger so the only difference was his was medium and mine was medium rare. Both were so juicy. As soon as we bit in, our hands were splashed. The house salad was yummy with a light and balanced dressing that is neither too sweet nor too acidic. Quite large for the price! The service and ambiance are what you expect from a casual burger spot. They're quick and kind; the chairs and cups are plastic. But if you're just looking for a quick, casual burger while watching some sports, this is the spot.

Great food done right with nice staff at a fair price. The food really was good. I had the chili dog and the family had the burgers. They were grilled in front of us and served in a decent amount of time. The dog was also loaded. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. They even put one of the playoff games on for a patron who walked in! The place is small but plenty of seating for couples or single people. The prices were fair I think. For a meal with fries and a drink of three it was around 50 including tax. Definitely worthy of a regular stop if you live in the area. And if visiting and you want a burger try this local shop over a chain restaurant.
