Source: Cafe Rosso reviews (Yelp)
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-rosso-san-francisco?sort_by=elites_desc
Type: reviews

Cafe Rosso
1600 Holloway Ave, San Francisco, CA 94132

I love the convenience since it's one of the decent places on campus. The staff is always super positive and energetic and the food doesn't take too long to come out. I've had the garlic fries which aren't my favorite, they were definitely way too oily for me and I love me some garlic but wow these were overpowering. Their chicken tenders are average - pretty dry and super crunchy outside but not too bad. Their burgers are also not bad. Pretty decent place if you're just looking for some food.

Yum! This place is a new favorite, got the #5 bagel (salmon lox, capers, cream cheese, onions) and it didn't disappoint. Plus good location (located next to the Student Services building on SFSU campus), and tons of good food options. Will be back.

Cafe Rosso is a usual spot for me and my classmates because all our classes are in Burk Hall! I've only tried their items such as the bagel special #5 (lox bagel), clam chowder, garlic fries, and BLTA. They have a huge menu so I've only tried these things and liked everything I've tried so far. As for drinks, I like their vanilla latte the most -- hot or cold, it's pretty consistent and keeps me awake during class. If you want hot water for tea you pay for the water and grab a tea bag of your choice at the counter. I do NOT recommend their iced chai though, it is too sweet for my liking and you don't really taste the chai.

The downside of this place is that the wait can be long. I know the employees here are always changing on a semesterly basis so that might explain the hold up. The drinks come out quickly though, it's mainly the food.

The service has declined over the last year. Today I waited 30 minutes for a vegan sandwich, which is basically no meat, just vegetables on bread and because they gave all the bread away when they finally called me it was to say I'd have to choose from another option, then making me wait another 10 minutes. It's definitely not efficient and if you're just trying to get a healthy bite between classes and don't have the time, you will undoubtedly be late. This doesn't just apply to food, as drink orders take a good while too. Pros: food is good. Cons: wait time is lengthy (20 min +) and you may not get completely what you ordered by the time it's ready. Too bad there aren't many vegetarian/healthy options on campus.

Pretty pricey food but over all it's okay for it being on a campus. The workers are super busy and they still seem to be very positive and friendly. I recommend getting the chicken teriyaki salmon. It's pretty delicious. Will probably try the pasta next!

I like this place, good coffee, but their opening hours are not consistent. They can't seem to decide when they will close from one day to the next, it's totally random. Wish they could be a little more professional.
