Source: Natural Sensations reviews (Yelp)
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/natural-sensations-san-francisco?sort_by=elites_desc
Type: reviews

Natural Sensations
1650 Holloway Ave, San Francisco, CA 94132

Service was impeccable, such a friendly and funny staff to have on campus. Recommend the turkey pesto, was so fresh and tasty perfect for a quick lunch after class. Gf ordered the chicken caesar wrap and also was super light and fresh, wish the chicken was fried for some crispness but all in all so good for a healthy snack. For dessert finished off with the acai bowl, absolutely zero complaints, disappeared before my eyes! Go eat on top of Cesar Chavez for the views and some sunshine.

I usually get my bagels here instead of anywhere else on the SFSU campus. I love the smoothies, I usually get the Mission and they're only $5 for a pretty decent sized cup! And they are very generous in the bagel fillings! I ALWAYS have to ask them to not put too much cream cheese or too much nutella! It's great. They are usually pretty prompt as well when it comes to getting the food to you, so you don't have to worry about rushing much while going to class.

Not a bad place for on-campus dining options. Natural Sensations offers smoothies, froyo, some rice plates, bagels, and other quick and easy eats like salads. Service is usually a lot quicker than the other food booths inside the cafeteria, so Natural Sensations is a good place to head to if you're in a rush but still want decent food. Being in a school cafeteria, the prices are a little higher than they should be for the quality and quantity, but nothing overly outrageous. There's a $5 minimum for credit card usage.

Blueberry waffle yes and orange juice no. My friend Coco and I came here one day after class because we were both hungry and she said she heard their waffles were good here. Located right in Cesar Chavez, it's right across from Cafe 101 and there's a good amount of tables to sit at. Their menu is quite extensive with many options for smoothies and bagels. A little bummed that their menu does not include any caffeine whatsoever, but oh well. I opted for their blueberry waffle with whipped cream and powdered sugar and one of the nice things about this place was that they ask you whether you want the fruits in the waffle or on top. For $5 something, you get one big waffle and it's a good waffle, too. I also opted for their orange juice since my friend pointed out that it was freshly squeezed. They only have one waffle maker so it was a no brainer that it was gonna take a while for ours to come out, but I'm seriously bummed about their orange juice. Overall, the waffle was definitely good. It was thick and light and something I would come back for, but skip the OJ. It was too sour.

This place is by far my favorite place for breakfast when I am at school. I have been coming here since I transferred to SFSU. This place has everything you want in a breakfast. They have waffles, bagels, burritos, smoothies, yogurt, fresh squeeze OJ, and many more. I almost always find myself ordering a bagel and a large fresh squeeze orange juice. The price here is pretty cheap especially for being on campus. For a bagel, it cost around $1 dollar without any toppings. I think toppings are between $.50 cents to $2 dollars depending on what you are getting. I love their orange juice here! These are fresh squeeze orange juice with real oranges. You can see your drink being made in front of you, so you know it's freshly squeeze with no sugar added. They also serve carrot juice. Overall, I think this is a great place for students and even visitors to stop by. If you see a long line, don't worry they move fast.

This place has great bagels, namely, my favorite, the jalapeno. It's especially good if you enjoy your bagels swimming in a lake of melted cream cheese - because they put almost that much onto your bagel here. Natural Sensations has great smoothies. I love the Coit Tower - it's a peanut buttery, chocolatey, bananariffic, creamy treat from the gods, in a plastic cup. Think the Peanut Butter Moo'd from Jamba Juice (only not as good - GOOD, but not AS good). Their peanut butter frozen yogurt is great too. Of all the eateries I've been to on campus, this place has got some of the fastest service. It'd be nice if everyone else took a cue from their speediness.
